I loved it let's see the second half
what's much better much much better on
the second half was fantastic I thought
the lads played really well so it was
great second visit to the stadium it's
been good it's been a good first visit
was good and that was we were sort of
looking at you know buying the club and
now we're back as owners and so great to
see you great to see you in say well I
just flew in I got in a but noon on
Friday so I've only been here a little
more than 24 30 hours so we didn't you
know we just looked around a little bit
Jon's been taking me around and showed
me everything and then today was pretty
much getting ready for the match and all
that yeah well they were saying it was
like Texas probably to raise the
temperature about 20 degrees to be like
Texas but it was sunny I could take off
my coat it was very nice
I didn't bring my sunglasses because I
thought I don't need my sunglasses here
in Scotland well it's hard because I
can't watch it on TV so I go to the
website and I follow the you know the
every two minutes and updates and they
give me the score so I can do that and
my kids will I'll be on the computer
watching it
that's the scroll in and the update and
my kids that go dad what are you doing
somewhere watching the game there's
nothing on the screen I said well I'm
following it so it was great last year I
could see some of the games actually you
know we weren't the owners because it
was on in Fox Sports carried still does
carry the Premier League I would love to
I would love to I keep telling I told
John after the first day I say we got to
get this on TV so I can watch it this is
crazy she can't she just put a camera
and just beam it to my house that's all
I need but I'm sure lots of people
around you know around the world what
was funny was when we were going through
this whole process I was getting emails
from all around the world from people
saying we really want you to invest we
want you to buy and I was getting them
from Australia and Singapore and New
York and I was like wow I didn't know
they'd reach us that big so I would
think are you guys that would be great
people would tune in all over
no thank you thank you for supporting
the club hopefully more and more will
continue to come I think we'll put a
good I think there's a good team in
place and we'll build on that and I
think in the long term it'll be a great
it will continue to be a great a great
team
you